Add docs about diagnosing and debugging hardware and video acceleration (#180)
foxglove/docs: docs/3-visualization/4-panels/3d.mdx

- Right-click + Drag horizontally – Rotate the camera around the world's z-axis
- Right-click + Drag vertically – Pan the camera around the world's x- and y- axes

## Performance: hardware acceleration

> If you are experiencing poor performance interacting with the 3D panel, the first thing to check is that `webgl` hardware acceleration is enabled on your platform. Hardware acceleration can drastically increase the performance of the 3D panel by doing rendering on the GPU rather than the CPU. In your browser, you can check that hardware acceleration is enabled by going to `chrome://gpu` and seeing that "WebGL" and/or "WebGL2" are "Hardware accelerated".
> 
> There's no way to check this in our desktop app yet. However, because our desktop app uses Electron (a Chromium-based framework), if you see that WebGL acceleration is not present in Chrome, there's a good chance it's not present in our application for the same reasons. So we recommend getting things working in Chrome first, and if the desktop app is still having issues afterward then please file an issue and we'll look into it.
> 
> To enable WebGL hardware acceleration in your browser you can go to `chrome://settings`, search your settings for `acceleration` and ensure that the "Use graphics acceleration when available" toggle is enabled.
> 
> If you still see that WebGL is not "Hardware accelerated" in `chrome://gpu` then you might have to take more platform-specific steps for enabling this with your GPU.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are experiencing poor performance while interacting with the 3D panel, it may be because hardware acceleration is not enabled. Hardware acceleration will significantly improve performance by rendering on the GPU rather than the CPU.

If you're using Google Chrome, you can check that hardware graphics acceleration is enabled by going to `chrome://gpu` and seeing that "WebGL" and/or "WebGL2" are "Hardware accelerated". If not, go to `chrome://settings`, search your settings for `acceleration` and ensure that the "Use graphics acceleration when available" toggle is enabled. If after these steps you still see that WebGL is still not "Hardware accelerated" in `chrome://gpu` then you might have to investigate platform-specific steps for enabling your GPU.

The desktop app uses Electron (based on Chromium), and should automatically use hardware acceleration when available. If you're seeing issues here, we recommend following the steps above to see if the same issue exists in Chrome. If so, there's a good chance it's affecting our application for the same reasons. Therefore we recommend getting things working in Chrome first, and if the desktop app is still having issues afterward please let us know and we'll look into it.
```
